Sister, why are you here?
You call me sister
Yes, I am your sister Qin Xiaoxuan
Mom said you woke up
I'm happy for you.
Why did I see her?
There is an inexplicable feeling of not liking it
Sister, this is not the place you should be
You are about to marry Brother Yiming
What if he knew you came to another man's house?
He will be unhappy
But I'm here to work.
Is he still going to stop me from coming out to work?
Qin Siyu, you
Are you alright?
You are Ji Lingchuan
It's my boss. Yeah.
Although I don't remember anything now
But since we still have work and appointments
I will continue to complete my work
Dr. Qin, oops, Dr. Qin
Doctor Qin, you are here
Ah Doctor Qin
I am Lin Chuan's mother
You saved me and Lin Chuan before
Our whole family is very grateful to you.
I need you too
I hope Dr. Qin can continue to work in our season, okay?
Ok, I will.
Why does Brother Glacier have to keep my sister at home?
Is there no other family doctor besides him?
Qin Xiaoxuan, you haven't married into our family yet
We keep track of who we hire to work, and it's not up to you